Install system EDL files with the SDK (#2816)
openenclave/openenclave: CHANGELOG.md

- Support `transition_using_threads` EDL attribute for ecalls in oeedger8r.
  OE SDK now supports both switchless OCALLs and ECALLs.
- Published corelibc headers required by oeedger8r-generated code.
  **Disclaimer:** these headers do not make any guarantees about stability. They
  are intended to be used by generated code and are not part of the OE public
  API surface.
- `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` build flag. This is on by default and will compile system
  OCalls and ECalls into OE libraries as before. If it is set to off, each enclave

>   application must import the ECalls/OCalls their application needs into their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  application must import the ECalls/OCalls it needs into its```

https://tls.mbed.org/tech-updates/releases/mbedtls-2.16.5-and-2.7.14-released)
release notes for the set of issues addressed.

> ### Deprecation Notice

Author: @radhikaj let me know if you think the deprecation notice is fine or need more info/guidance

> ### Deprecation Notice

Author: I hesitate to make this official guidance lest people mob me for making the deprecation process too cumbersome. I chose a more conservative model for this particular feature to give people more time to switch over to the new way. I don't really want to take the guidance further than that.

> ### Deprecation Notice

Reviewer 2: I agree on
> it might be clearer to say that we are deprecating the automatic inclusion of oecore EDL by default, and that they should use the COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL flag to test this behavior ahead of time.

> ### Deprecation Notice

Author: I updated the CHANGELOG and pointed to the design doc for further guidance on what to do. let me know if that's what your were looking for.

Also please let me know if there's anything I can change in the doc for clarity.

> ### Deprecation Notice

Reviewer 3: > I hesitate to make this official guidance lest people mob me for making the deprecation process too cumbersome. I chose a more conservative model for this particular feature to give people more time to switch over to the new way. I don't really want to take the guidance further than that.

To clarify, I'm not proposing that you make any kind of assertion about official guidance for the deprecation process in general, I'm asking how you envision the deprecation process of _this_ feature to proceed. The text asserts that the plan is:

- v0.9 does not break by default, supports `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` for devs to experiment with importing EDLs manually.
- v0.10 breaks by default, removes `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` entirely and devs must scramble to fix if they were not aware of the change in behavior previously.

I'm pointing out that is not an ideal developer experience. Many users do not read the CHANGELOG and will likely not be aware that there is any action needed if the builds transparently continue to work. This is why the existing two step deprecation plan breaks on the first edge:

- v0.9 breaks by default, but supports `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` for devs to quickly get back to working builds while they deal with the long term switch over.
- v0.10 ends the grace period by removing the fallback `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` mechanism entirely. 

I would suggest doing that if possible. If not, and it looks like internally we're not ready to make the default switch ourselves, I'm suggesting that this could benefit from the usual deprecation pattern:

- v0.9 does not break by default, supports `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` for devs to experiment with importing EDLs manually.
- v0.10 breaks by default, but continues to support `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` for devs to quickly get back to working builds while they deal with the long term switch over.
- v0.11 ends the grace period by removing the fallback `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` mechanism entirely.

> ### Deprecation Notice

Author: Oh, that was not my intention. My intention for v0.10 was to do as you suggest and just change the default for `COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL` from `ON` to `OFF`. I'll update the changelog to make that more clear.

> ### Deprecation Notice

Author: Updated CHANGELOG

https://tls.mbed.org/tech-updates/releases/mbedtls-2.16.5-and-2.7.14-released)
release notes for the set of issues addressed.

> ### Deprecated

Reviewer 2: Thinking about it a little more, I think calling it out in deprecated is wise since this is what developers will look at in order to plan for the next release.

https://tls.mbed.org/tech-updates/releases/mbedtls-2.16.5-and-2.7.14-released)
release notes for the set of issues addressed.

### Deprecated

> - In the next release (v0.10), system EDL will no longer be compiled int OE

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In the next release (v0.10), system EDL will no longer be compiled into OE
```

  libraries by default (COMPILE_SYSTEM_EDL will be OFF by default). See the
  [system EDL opt-in document]
  (docs/DesignDocs/system_ocall_opt_in.md#how-to-port-your-application) for
  more details on how to rebuild the SDK to match this behavior and for

>   guidance on porting your application to the new model.

Reviewer: Do we have a GitHub issue filed to track porting all samples over to the new model?

Author: #2867
